.TH COMPENDIUM "1" "November 2019" "1.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
compendium \- iteratively download YouTube playlists
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B compendium
[\fI\,OPTION\/\fR]
.br
.B compendium
init [\fI\,OPTION\/\fR]... \fI\,LIST\/\fR
.br
.B compendium
get [\fI\,OPTION\/\fR]... \fI\,LIST\/\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Compendium is a YouTube-dl wrapper to iteratively download playlists from
YouTube.com.
.br
Downloading a playlist with Compendium comes in two steps:
.PP
\- Create a reference for the playlist in the application's local directory
using \fI\,init\/\fR
.br
\- Download the playlist with YouTube-dl through the \fI\,get\/\fR sub-command.
.PP
Calling \fI\,get\/\fR multiple times makes Compendium perform a diff of the
local reference with the actual content of the playlist so that only new entries
are downloaded each time.
.br
Each steps require the ID of a playlist to process. Playlists IDs can be found
in YouTube playlists URLs after the \fI\,&list=\/\fR query parameter.
.TP
global options
.TP
\fB\-h\fR
Print program help text and exit
.TP
\fB\-V\fR
Print program version and exit
.TP
init options
.TP
\fB\-c\fR \fI\,COMMAND\/\fR
Use the specified command-line when calling YouTube-dl
.TP
\fB\-i\fR \fI\,FILE\/\fR
File containing video IDs to use as a reference
.TP
get options
.TP
\fB\-f\fR
Force (re\-)downloading content
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Valentin Lahaye.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report any bugs to <https://github.com/vallahaye/compendium/issues/>
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright 2019 The Compendium development team
.br
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.br
You may obtain a copy of the License at
.PP
   <http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0>
.PP
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.br
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
YouTube-dl command-line documentation
<http://ytdl-org.github.io/youtube-dl/documentation.html>
